Notes on a Football Management Game
-----------------------------------

The idea isn't to simulate football, it's to echo the feeling of being
a football fan. The heightened highs and lowered lows. Homegrown
heros, agonizing let-downs from high profile signings. Staying far
away from the minutia of tactical settings and training schedules. No
freaking work permits, jesus christ.

When Lolujo plays FM, the tactics are not interesting. The long term
storytelling is interesting. Climbing up the leagues with a talismanic
youngster matching every new challenge. At his best he creates
personalities for the players, creates a bond between them and the
viewer. But the game should be doing more to help with that.

To sum up in a sentence, the primary goal of the game is to create an
attachment between the manager and their players.

The top focuses of the game:

1. A simple match engine that generates memorable narratives. Nothing
   too obvious, but the last minutes of cup finals should be dramatic.
   No huge array of tactical options.
2. Transfers should be tense, poker like. Maybe an auction system.
   Create a real sunk-cost fallacy feeling in the player.
3. A player interaction / event system almost like Crusader Kings, where
   situations involving your players come up, and create braching b-stories
   which can continue over weeks and months.

Academy players
---------------

There's no 'reserve' or 'under 18' teams. Instead at a set team every
year the team will get a 'pack' of newly generated players. It should
work like a gatcha game sort of thing, drawing cards. 10 new
graduates, with 'cards', and star ratings, and a 'narrative' about
them based on their hidden stats. The user will "Draw" each card in
the deck, be able to see the new player, then click 'next' to see the
next one.

UI
--

Very CM2 inspired. Hit nostalgia hard.

Story
-----

England, 1894: The National Football League is established. 100
professional teams are incorporated and divided into 10 leagues. They
play for 100 years, being promoted and relagated. The game never
catches on outside the England. You come in in 1994, a manager in the
lowest league.
